The Feltville Formation is a mapped bedrock unit primarily in New Jersey, with one known outlier in Pennsylvania and another one in New York.	mapped bedrock unit primarily,one known outlier,another one,new york,new jersey,feltville formation,pennsylvania
Jana Novotná and Barbara Schett were the defending champions but were eliminated in the round robin.	round robin,jana novotná,defending champions,barbara schett,eliminated
Colonial Hall and Masonic Lodge No.	masonic lodge,colonial hall
EVB Eisenbahnen und Verkehrsbetriebe Elbe-Weser GmbH is a German railway and bus company offering passenger and freight services that is headquartered in Zeven and Bremervörde.	evb eisenbahnen und verkehrsbetriebe elbe,bus company offering passenger,weser gmbh,german railway,freight services,zeven,headquartered,bremervörde
CKWM-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting from Kentville, Nova Scotia at 94.9 FM owned by the Maritime Broadcasting System.	canadian radio station broadcasting,maritime broadcasting system,nova scotia,fm,kentville,ckwm
Eduard Peter Frauneder (born 1977) is an Austrian chef and restaurateur known for his promotion of Austrian cuisine in New York City.	new york city,eduard peter frauneder,restaurateur known,austrian cuisine,austrian chef,promotion
Karl-Josef Assenmacher (born 30 May 1947) is a former German referee.	former german referee,josef assenmacher,karl
NVC community SD18 (Hippophae rhamnoides dune scrub) is one of the 16 sand-dune communities in the British National Vegetation Classification system.	british national vegetation classification system,hippophae rhamnoides dune scrub,dune communities,one
Conchita Puig (born 18 January 1953) is a Spanish skier.	spanish skier,conchita puig
Tito Lutwa Okello (1914 – 3 June 1996) was a Ugandan military officer and politician.	ugandan military officer,tito lutwa okello,politician
William Weyman (d.	william weyman
Wan dam, (also known as Daunapur Dam) is an earthfill dam on Wan river near Ambejogai, Beed district  in the state of Maharashtra in India.	wan river near ambejogai,wan dam,earthfill dam,daunapur dam,beed district,also known,state,maharashtra,india
Brigadier Hoshiar Singh Metro Station (formerly known as City Park metro station) is a terminus station on the Green Line of the Delhi Metro and is located  at  Bahadurgarh which comes under Jhajjar district of Haryana.	brigadier hoshiar singh metro station,city park metro station,terminus station,delhi metro,jhajjar district,green line,formerly known,located,haryana,comes,bahadurgarh
Oloplotosus is a genus of eeltail catfishes endemic to the island of New Guinea.	eeltail catfishes endemic,new guinea,oloplotosus,island,genus
Fairy Gone is a Japanese anime television series produced by P.A.Works and was announced on January 24, 2019.	japanese anime television series produced,fairy gone,works,p,announced
Jacob "Jack" Pressman (October 26, 1919 – October 1, 2015) was an American Conservative rabbi.	american conservative rabbi,pressman,jacob,jack
Gerhard Rempe (born 22 April 1956 in Bottrop/Westphalia) is a German physicist, Director at the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics and Honorary Professor at the Technical University of Munich.	max planck institute,technical university,quantum optics,honorary professor,german physicist,gerhard rempe,westphalia,munich,director,bottrop
The Circuit des 24 Heures du Mans, also known as Circuit de la Sarthe (after the 1906 French Grand Prix triangle circuit) located in Le Mans, Sarthe, France, is a semi-permanent motorsport race course, chiefly known as the venue for the 24 Hours of Le Mans auto race.	circuit des 24 heures du mans,permanent motorsport race course,circuit de la sarthe,le mans auto race,le mans,chiefly known,also known,sarthe,venue,semi,located,france
The Krøderen Line (Norwegian: Krøderbanen) is a heritage railway line connecting the Krøderen lake in Viken county, Norway, to the town of Vikersund.	heritage railway line connecting,krøderen line,viken county,krøderen lake,vikersund,town,norwegian,norway,krøderbanen
Immaculate Heart High School and Middle School is a private, Catholic, college preparatory day school for young women grades 6-12.	immaculate heart high school,college preparatory day school,middle school,private,catholic
Deesha Dyer (born 1978) is an American public servant who served as the White House Social Secretary for U.S. President Barack Obama from 2015 to 2017.	white house social secretary,president barack obama,american public servant,deesha dyer,u,served,2015
Anwar Oshana (born 11 June 1972) was an Assyrian-American professional boxer in the super middleweight division between 1994 and 2005.	super middleweight division,american professional boxer,anwar oshana,assyrian,1994
Donald Showalter is an American basketball coach who has been serving as Director of Coach Development of the USA Basketball Youth Division since May 2016.	american basketball coach,coach development,donald showalter,serving,director
The Alliance for the Future of Austria (German: Bündnis Zukunft Österreich; BZÖ) is a right-wing populist, national conservative political party in Austria.	national conservative political party,bündnis zukunft österreich,wing populist,right,german,future,bzö,austria,alliance
Lebeau (also spelled LeBeau) is an unincorporated community in St.	also spelled lebeau,unincorporated community,lebeau,st
Rebecca Rippy (born 1977) is an American singer-songwriter, most notably in the roots country and Americana genres.	roots country,rebecca rippy,americana genres,american singer,songwriter,notably
Celaenia excavata, the bird dropping spider of Australia and New Zealand, derives its name from mimicking bird droppings to avoid predators, mainly birds.	mimicking bird droppings,bird dropping spider,new zealand,mainly birds,celaenia excavata,avoid predators,name,derives,australia
The Symphony No.	symphony
Dearbhla Molloy (; born 1946, Dublin) is an Irish film, stage and television actress.	television actress,irish film,stage,dublin
Robert Marion "Fighting Bob" La Follette Sr.	la follette sr,robert marion,fighting bob
The 1947–48 Segunda División season was the 17th since its establishment and was played between 21 September 1947 and 11 April 1948.	21 september 1947,17th since,played,establishment
The 2015 East Dorset District Council election took place on 7 May 2015 in order to elect members of the East Dorset District Council in Dorset, England.	east dorset district council,dorset,elect members,order,england
United Nations General Assembly Resolution 34/37, titled Question of Western Sahara, is a resolution of the United Nations General Assembly about the situation in Western Sahara, which was adopted on 21 November 1979 at the 34th session of the General Assembly.	united nations general assembly,general assembly,western sahara,titled question,resolution,situation,adopted
Valerie Clark is an American politician.	valerie clark,american politician
Joseph Tomlinson III (June 22, 1816 – May 10, 1905) was an English American engineer and architect who built bridges and lighthouses in Canada and the United States.	joseph tomlinson iii,english american engineer,united states,built bridges,lighthouses,canada,architect
RC Odense is a Danish rugby club in Odense.	danish rugby club,rc odense,odense
St.	st
The Sanctuary of Ceres, Liber and Libera (Latin: Aedes Cereris, Liberi et Liberae) was a temple to Ceres, Liber Pater and Libera (equivalent to Demeter, Dionysus and Kore or Ariadne) built on the Aventine Hill in Rome.	liberi et liberae,aventine hill,aedes cereris,liber pater,liber,temple,sanctuary,rome,libera,latin,kore,equivalent,dionysus,demeter,ceres,built,ariadne
Short Trips: The Quality of Leadership is a Big Finish original anthology edited by Keith R.A. DeCandido and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	running british science fiction television series doctor,big finish original anthology edited,short trips,keith r,quality,long,leadership,decandido,based
Route 175 is a short, 2.95-mile (4.75 km) long state highway in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	long state highway,united states,new jersey,mercer county,short,mile,4
Kizhekketheruvu, Pallimukku is one of the main junctions of the outskirts of Kottarakkara town, which is 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of Kizhekketheruvu on the National Highway 208 (NH 208).	national highway 208,main junctions,kottarakkara town,4 kilometres,west,pallimukku,outskirts,one,kizhekketheruvu
Hubert Zimmermann (1941 – November 9, 2012) was a French software engineer and a pioneer of computer networking.	french software engineer,hubert zimmermann,computer networking,pioneer
The Pont de Bonpas is a bridge over the Durance river, connecting the south of Vaucluse to the north of Bouches-du-Rhône in southern France.	pont de bonpas,southern france,durance river,vaucluse,south,rhône,north,du,connecting,bridge,bouches
